CNV-19778: Update links on Getting Started (#48273)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/virt-learn-more-about-openshift-virtualization.adoc

[id="virt-getting-started-before-you-begin"]
== Before you begin

> * Review xref:../virt/install/preparing-cluster-for-virt.adoc#preparing-cluster-for-virt[Preparing your cluster for {VirtProductName}].

Reviewer: I might rephrase this to make it more like the other bullets:

```suggestion
* Learn how to xref:../virt/install/preparing-cluster-for-virt.adoc#preparing-cluster-for-virt[prepare your cluster for {VirtProductName}].
```

Author: Thanks but I might rephase this to make it stronger. I don't want them to "learn" how to prepare their cluster. I want them to do it! :-)

* xref:../virt/virtual_machines/virt-automating-windows-sysprep.adoc#virt-automating-windows-sysprep[Automate Windows virtual machine deployments] with `sysprep`.

[id="{context}_additional-resources"]
[role="_additional-resources"]
== Additional resources

Before you begin::
* xref:../storage/container_storage_interface/persistent-storage-csi.adoc#persistent-storage-csi[Using a CSI-enabled storage provider]
* xref:../virt/virtual_machines/virtual_disks/virt-configuring-local-storage-for-vms.adoc#virt-configuring-local-storage-for-vms[Configuring local storage]
* xref:../networking/k8s_nmstate/k8s-nmstate-about-the-k8s-nmstate-operator.adoc#k8s-nmstate-about-the-k8s-nmstate-operator[About the Kubernetes NMState Operator]
* xref:../virt/virtual_machines/advanced_vm_management/virt-specifying-nodes-for-vms.adoc#virt-specifying-nodes-for-vms[Specifying nodes for virtual machines]

Getting started::
* xref:../virt/vm_templates/virt-creating-vm-template.adoc#virt-creating-vm-template[Virtual machine templates]

Next steps::

> * xref:../virt/live_migration/virt-live-migration.adoc#virt-live-migration[Live migration]

Reviewer: I recall that there was an issue with Jupiter and using any formatting other than unordered lists in an additional resources section. [The contribution guide still seems to indicate this.](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#additional-resources-sections) For this page, it might make sense to add the links to the existing sections, maybe as sub-bullets to differentiate them from the more basic resources?

Author: Sure, that works for me!
